So the next thing that we're gonna
be talking about is tags, right?
So you can see here on the webpage
we're gonna go into Tags, under Docker.
And so we've kind of been dancing
around the topic a little bit.
But I wanna kinda get into depth with what
tags are, why you use them, so on and so
forth.
So you can see right there if I do
docker run -it node right there and
I leave off anything else,
any sort of qualifier for that.
It implies that you're gonna
put on the latest tag, right?
And latest is one of the few tags.
It's actually like a special tag, right?
It implies the last one that you publish.
That is the latest version of
whatever you're doing, right?
So this is fine when
you're messing around,
kinda like what we're doing right now.
It's fine to just say,
cool, give me the latest,
give me whatever the newest version is.
But whenever you're making your
environments or whenever you're
doing anything like that, you wanna
have it tied to a specific version.
Because I'm sure we've all had issues
with appendices before where they've
half-created and stuff broke, right?
We wanna avoid that.
That's why in this particular course
I've been very careful to give
you specific tags to download.
Now, you might ask, is there any sorta
rhyme or reason of how tags are made?
And the answer is, not really.
It's not like npm, where they're expecting
semantic versioning or anything like that.
Docker tags are much more loose, right?
It's whatever the author
decides to name the tags.
So an example of that would
be node:8 right here, right?
Let's say I had something that I had
an app that dependent on node 8,
I can say node:8.
And this will give me whatever
the latest release of 8 is,
which I feel much more comfortable with,
rather than the latest of whatever.
Now, don't do this because
Node 8 is deprecated, right?
It's no longer in service, right?
So it's not getting security fixes or
anything like that.
But it's still out there.
If you needed it, you could do that, okay?
So let's go ahead and take a look
at the Docker Hub page for that.
This is the Docker Hub page for
the Node container, right?
And everyone at any one of these
containers are all gonna have
some sort of Docker Hub page.
So you can see here, these all of
the labels that exist for this, right?
There are a lot of node containers.
Now, why is that?
You can see here you can request
a lot of very specific things, right?
So if I come down here,
we've been asking for
12 stretch which is this one right there.
But you can see there is a lot of
different things that all refer to
the same thing, right?
We could've referred to
this as erbium-stretch.
Because, technically,
Node 12 is the erbium release of node.
Not that you ever needed to know that.
And I totally forgot that until
I just read it right now.
So it does have a name,
not just no one ever calls it that.
But you could refer it to as
LTS stretch which LTS is like,
Node 12 is the latest LTS,
right, for a Node.
Or you could just actually
just said node:lts, right?
Which have been referred to the LTS of
stretch Debian and the LTS of node.
I'm still not gonna recommend that though
I don't think that's a good idea because
as that LTS rolls forward, right,
when we move on to Node 14, and Debian 10.
Or whatever the next version of Debian
that's gonna be the next LTS, right?
That LTS tag is going to
roll along with it, right?
And if you build an app and then it's like
sitting on the shelf for five years, and
then you come back to it that LTS
is gonna be very different, right?
So these are the kinda things you
wanna be thinking through is like,
how can I capture this moment in time so
this doesn't break in the future?
That's what you wanna do with containers.
But there's other things here, right?
There's stretch-slim, right?
So so far, we've been downloading
the full Debian, right?
But we could say 12-stretch-slim, and
by their definition that there's no
special definition of slim but this will
give us a more slender version or
like a smaller version of Debian, right?
In general you wanna have the smallest
container possible for several reasons.
And there's a whole section on that so
we'll get to that later but
there's even beyond stretch, right?
There's Jesse and Buster and these are
other versions of Debian as well, right?
You can also see here that
we can run in Alpine, right?
So I can say, give me node colon,
Alpine dash, whatever, right?
And all those versions exists as well.
What else is in there?
There's even chakracore down here.
Which chakracore is actually
the JavaScript engine that's baked into
Microsoft Edge, the old version, right?
And they took that and
they put that into Node.
So instead of running V8,
which is what's in Chrome,
you can actually use chakracore.
Now, I don't recommend that,
even as someone who works in Microsoft,
because we don't even
support Chakra anymore.
We're moving to Chromium as well.
So suffice to say there's
a lot of different versions.
And so it behooves you and
figure out exactly which versions
of what that you want, right?
To figure out the right tags.
I think the one that I gave
you is a pretty good one.
If you give it stretch, right?
If there's more security patches that
come out later you want those, right?
You want those to automatically be
incorporated into your containers.
That's why it's good dependent to stretch,
right?
And then I think it's good dependence to
12 because it as minor patch versions come
out, you'll probably want those as well.
But if you wanna mess around with node 13,
you can totally do that, right?
So you can see there,
that's what latest is, right?
It's 13.3.0-stretch.
In case it wasn't obvious,
each one these lines,
these are all the same container, right?
They're all various tags for
the same container.
>> How do you decide
which one do you want?
I know you mentioned that
depends on your needs.
But is this some kinda rule of thumb?
I know you just mentioned that
stretch is good version, but
does every container have sort of like,
hey, here's kinda the default one.
When in doubt, pick this one.
>> Yes.
So I think there are good
rules of thumb for
something like this, like a Node container
and apply to Ruby or something like that.
I would go find the latest LTS for the
Linux that I'm on and the latest LTS for
the Node or go or whatever I'm on and
then tie it to that, right?
So that's why the 12 stretch cuz of
the two latest LTS is for both of those.
Now, if I'm just messing
around with something,
I'll just do latest cuz I wanna play
the latest and greatest tech, right?
But you don't wanna ship
Node 13 right now, right?
That's considered
the current version of Node,
which means that they're experimenting and
things like that.
There's no promises that it's not
gonna break or anything like that.
So that's why it's good to be on 12 for
your production workloads.
>> So [COUGH] when, for
example, 12.13.2 comes out,
is that another entry in this list or
do patches get overwritten or
overwrite this kinda list?
Star.
>> Right.
>> Cuz it seems like there'd be even
more than this if it was every single
patch version ever.
>> Yeah so you can definately tie
it to a specific patch release if
you felt that was importnat.
I would not suggest that.
>> Right.
I guess I was mostly asking,
cuz if you created it with 12.13.1,
Do you just want us to say 12,
I guess is my question,
the major version, and
then leave off the minor and patch?
>> Yeah, so if I tied it to 12.10, right,
or whatever, we're on right now, 12.13.
So if I did 12.13,
it would bump up to 0.4, right?
But it would not bump up to 12.14, right?
It would keep it on 13.
So there are more versions
here that are not even listed.
>> Okay, thank you.
>> Yep.
It's important stuff for
you to know, right?
It's important stuff to know how to
tie it to the correct versions of what
you're expecting.
And every Docker Page is
gonna have these for you.
So there are people that would disagree
with me, like I do 12 stretch,
there are people that would say
just do 12.13, right, dash stretch,
cuz they would keep it to
the same minor version.
I think everyone would universally agree,
it's a good idea to let patches roll
forward no matter what, because that
means you'll get the security patches.
I would assert that I've never had a minor
version of Node break what I'm doing.
They're pretty good about
major versioning with Node,
so I have a lot of trust in them.
And I work with them at Microsoft and
they're very careful about it.
But it depends on how much you trust
the authors of the container, right?
If you're based on someone
Joe's Crab Shack and Node container right?
Then maybe you trust them a bit less,
right?
It just depends